Hello there! I'm <NameText> Dave Elliott,</NameText> and I'm a Full
Stack Web Developer, pivoting from a rewarding career in adult
learning and leadership to a love of code. 

My career has been based on pursuing jobs that leverage deep work and intense collaboration. I've practiced filmmaking, digital design, acting, adult education, leadership, and full stack web development.

When I was in high school, I had to make a choice - filmmaking or computer science.  I was able to combine both, and since then, as my design and leadership career has grown, I've been nibbling around the edges of developer work for years.

At the start of 2020 I decided to become a full-time developer.  So I enroled in the Full Stack Bootcamp at Concordia Unversity - loved every minute of it, even when it seemed impossible - and graudated last November.

Since August, I've been supplmenting my full time job at as a Training Manager with part-time development work at Telus Digital, with the generous support of everyone at Telus.  

And I have to say that my suspicions are correct. Full stack development is a perfect fit for me.  Every git commit I make, every standup I go to, every retro I pore over, - it is entirely joyful.  

I'm determined to become a developer, and I would be thrilled to have a chat about available roles in your organization.



----

What have I learned during my time at Telus Digital?


Working with my fellow devs
How to look at past git commits to understand developer choices
When to ask a Sr for help
What to say in standups vs. offline meetings vs. retros vs. sprint planning
How to engage with the  developer culture inside a larger organization (they can be a little unique!)

Working with internal systems
How to apply linting rules
How to write Enzyme React tests for new components
How to move tickets through Jira with the right level of verbosity
How to monitor Jenkins builds for errors

Working with an established code base
How to compare publically available docs with internal team documentation and choices

